[♪♪♪]
[SPEAKING IN CHINESE]
Get off the babysitter.
Daddy's home.
[GRUNTING]
[CHEERING AND CHANTING]
[IN RUSSIAN] What is an Angel
doing so far from Heaven?
[IN RUSSIAN]
I'm no Angel.
[STOMACH CHURNS]
[IN SWEDISH ACCENT]
This is hostel, ja?
[HAWK SQUAWKS]
Oh.
[TONE LOC'S
"WILD THING" PLAYS]
[MEN CHEERING &
NATALIE SCREAMING]
[YELLING IN CHINESE]
I'm good at the bull, no?
[MEN SPEAKING IN CHINESE]
♪ Wild thing ♪
♪ Shopping at the mall
Looking for some gear to buy ♪
[GRUNTING]
[SPEAKING IN CHINESE]
Marshal Ray Carter? I'm Alex Munday.
I'll be your rescuer today.
I didn't think you'd find me.
How many men do you have?
I've got two girlfriends
in the bar.
They have 50 armed men.
I know. It hardly
seems fair. Come on.
[GROANS IN PAIN]
What is it?
My ribs.
Dylan? Dylan, we need
to get out of here.
I'm on top of it.
[WOOD CRACKING]
♪ Saw this luscious little frame
I ain't lyin' fellas she was fine ♪
♪ The sweet young miss
Go gave me a kiss ♪
♪ And I knew that she was mine ♪♪
CARTER: They got my ring.
I'm sure your wife will understand.
[SQUAWKING]
[NATALIE CHEERING]
Kill them!
Kill them all!
[♪♪♪]
[SCREAMING]
[BARKS]
[♪♪♪]
[CHUCKLING]
Plan B.
[SCREAMING]
[GRUNTING]
Just once, I'd like
to walk out of a bar.
[ALARM SOUNDING]
[RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE'S
"SLEEP NOW IN THE FIRE" PLAYING]
Let's go!
♪ Sleep now in the fire ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Now!
DYLAN: Get in!
ALEX: You got him? Whoa!
Dylan!
Go for it!
I'm trying!
Woo-hoo!
[♪♪♪]
I'm afraid I
underestimated you guys.
Yeah.
That happens a lot. Woo-hoo!
[PHONE RINGING]
[♪♪♪]
[IN CHINESE]
It was three girls!
Three crazy beautiful girls.
But we have the ring.
WOMAN [SPEAKING IN CHINESE]:
I always knew this day would come...
Let's go to plan B.
CHARLIE: Once upon a time, there
were three very different little girls.
♪ Oh, Mickey, you're so fine
You're so fine you blow my mind ♪
♪ Hey, Mickey ♪♪
[CROWD GASPS]
Come on, Alex. This is the
last pass. You can do it!
Harder! Harder! Harder!
Yes!
♪ Rebel rebel, you've torn your dress ♪
♪ Rebel rebel, your face is a mess ♪
♪ Rebel rebel, how could they know? ♪♪
I want you! I want you now!
CHARLIE: Who grew up to be
three very different women.
No.
[♪♪♪]
[GROANS]
Yeah!
Okay.
[♪♪♪]
[cow MOOING]
You, hot water.
Here it goes.
[GRUNTING]
There we go.
CHARLIE: Now they work
for me. My name is Charlie.
[♪♪♪]
[HORSE NEIGHS]
Perimeter secure.
We're ready for takeoff.
Well done, Agent McDowell.
[THUD]
[♪♪♪]
♪ Stop Hammer time ♪
♪ Oh-oh oh oh oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Ohh ♪
NATALIE:
♪ Hammer time ♪
♪ Ohh ♪
♪ Hammer Time ♪
♪ Oh-oh oh oh oh-oh-oh
You can't touch this ♪
Hey!
♪ Oh-oh oh oh oh-oh-oh
Break it down ♪
NATALIE:
Go, Alex!
♪ Stop
Hammer time ♪
♪ Every time you see me
That Hammer's just so hype ♪
♪ I'm dope on the floor
And I'm magic on the mic ♪
♪ Now why would I ever
Stop doing this ♪♪
Hey, check this out.
Our first piece of mail.
NATALIE:
Your 10-year high-school reunion.
PETE:
It'll be a fun night, Nat.
Isn't that cool?
It's great.
ALEX: I still can't believe that Nat
and Pete are moving in together.
Our little Angel's growing up.
It's wild that Natalie owns property.
The most expensive thing
I own are these boots.
Excuse me. Those are my boots.
Whatever. My point is...
I forgot my point.
You're broke, you're horny
and you're wearing my boots.
Thank you.
[IN CHINESE ACCENT] Oh, so you thought
you could escape my fortress.
Not so fast.
Hi-yah!
Oh.
Oh, my God! Jason.
[IN HIGH VOICE] Surprise.
Are you okay?
Yeah. Yeah.
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
That was fun.
Fun. Yeah.
What are you doing here?
I miss you. Look...
Uh, what are you doing later,
you know, after this? Later on?
Jason, I thought we
were on a time-out.
What? We can't
fool around at all?
Hey, Jason. I didn't
think you'd make it.
Yeah. Yeah, photo shoot ran late. Plus, I, you
know, wanted to miss all the heavy stuff.
Hey, Jason.
Hey.
Hey, how's the sequel going?
Great, great.
Yeah, we had, like, 13 writers,
so it should be pretty good.
I loved the first one.
Yeah, it was great.
Sorry. We got a great title for
this one: Maximum Extreme-2.
The premiere's Friday, so I
brought you guys some tickets.
I love tickets!
[PHONE RINGS]
Hello?
Yeah?
Be right in.
Thanks.
Sorry.
Thanks for helping out, Jason.
Yeah, yeah.
Charlie.
Bosley!
What's happening, Angels?
How y'all doing?
Hey.
Hey, Bos.
Look here. I see my brother ain't checked
the books in quite a while, huh?
We have a book?
Look here, lovelies, I know I only been here for
a few days, but one of you all explain to me,
what the hell is this?
Now, what you think...?
[YELLS]
DYLAN:
Careful with that, Bos.
I'm all right.
And I also see y'all being played.
Five G's for a Kevlar vest?
We need those.
Yeah, they're made especially for us.
What? You all fine,
but you crazy.
What?
Bosley, come here.
Have a seat, Bos.
Okay. Okay.
Bos.
What?
B.
You know, your brother,
he didn't sweat the details.
We do what it takes.
That's right.
So, what does a Bosley
do around here?
He does the most important job of all.
What's that?
He connects us with Charlie.
[PHONE RINGS]
Okay. All right. All right.
CHARLIE: Good morning, Angels.
Good morning, Charlie.
CHARLIE: Bosley, I hope the Angels
aren't being too rough on you.
Man, please. I date fat women. What are
you talking about? Couple of midgets.
CHARLIE:
Great work in Mongolia, Angels,
but I'm afraid the case
has taken a new turn.
Goddamn! What the f...?
Look... Look...
I know where I'm gonna watch
the game at tonight. Look at that.
CHARLIE: Angels, I'd like to introduce
Roger Wixon, senior director with the FBI.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Pleasure.
Hello.
CHARLIE: Over the years,
the Townsend Agency
has worked on several
projects for the bureau,
but never one with so many
innocent lives at stake.
Hey, I'm busy watching
that doggone screen.
Good job, Bos.
CHARLIE: Angels, you're aware of the
Federal Witness Protection Program.
Sure. People who have testified
against major crime figures
are relocated and given
new identities for protection.
The identities of these witnesses and their
families are protected by a programme called HALO:
Hidden Alias List Operation.
The list is encrypted
on two titanium rings.
The data on each ring is
indecipherable on its own,
but when the two rings are read together,
their codes unlock each other.
Who wears the rings?
The head of the U.S. Marshal
Service was wearing one.
Ray Carter.
Good morning.
Hey, how are you feeling?
Couple of fractured ribs, but I'll live.
Who wears the other ring?
The head of security for the Justice
Department, William Rose Bailey.
Unfortunately, he was
killed this morning.
And now both rings are in the open.
So the list is out.
WIXON: Someone's contacted the major crime
families offering to sell the list.
One of our protected witnesses, Alan Caufield,
was found dead in his home in the Valley.
CHARLIE: Angels, we need to get the HALO
rings back before the list is sold.
We'll start at the Caufield house.
See if that leads us to HALO.
Hey, Charlie, we could really
use Bosley's help on this one.
Get to drive the racecar?
Not today.
Blow up a castle?
Not yet, Bos.
Well, what do y'all need me to do?
Hmm.
Read some body language.
Hell, yeah.
[THE WHO'S "WHO ARE YOU"
PLAYING]
♪ Who are you
Who who, who, who ♪
♪ Who are you ♪♪
I'm not going nowhere
near no dead body.
Mm-mm. Mm-mm,
mm-mm, mm-mm.
Freeze, ladies. If you're not a dead body, you
need to be on the other side of those ropes.
We got a pretty serious situation here.
My men have got this whole area secure.
I'm gonna have to ask you to
evacuate your persons immediately.
We got a 211, a 183, believe it or not, we
got an 11-350 to boot, and it ain't pretty.
An 11-350? You found an illegal
chinchilla ranch on the premises?
It's a chinchilla farm.
But you're good.
Negatory to your orders
to relinquish locality.
Circumspect to your
observation of said perimeter,
we shall proceed to the interior of
the dwelling with your accompaniment.
Well, I do not copy. Repeat, do not copy.
Ladies, I'm gonna have to ask my sergeant.
Your sergeant is here.
[♪♪♪]
Hands off.
If you gals had your game faces on at the academy,
you ought to be able to figure this one out.
Simple café coronary.
Freak show choked to death.
Questions?
Examination of soft palate
reveals porcine by-product
lodged in vestibule.
Okay, let's do this,
honey. Come on, baby.
Caufield shows no signs
of trauma to the larynx.
His struggle pattern indicates
that he didn't choke.
[MUFFLED GRUNTING]
He was smothered.
Ladies, we got some
carnauba residue.
Pineapple.
Oh, it's Sex Wax.
Best for your stick.
Pardon me?
Killer's a surfer.
COP: How do you know?
He employed the same credit card he
uses to scrape wax off his board
to gain entry into the house.
Little thrasher scumbag surfers.
Freeze!
I found a foreign print. He was
wearing reissued 1989 Air Jordans.
A limited promotional
version that was sold
only at the Foot Locker in
Fontana in the summer of 2002.
But there's a discrepancy
in weight distribution
between the left and right sides.
An anterior cruciate ligament
that was repaired in the last year.
All right, Angels, who did it?
We're looking for a killer with
a scar on his knee who surfs.
Did he stink?
There's a hurricane off Baja. That means
good swells for all south-facing beaches.
Was there a lot of blood?
Offshore winds, Third
Point. Malibu's pumping.
DYLAN: Hey, Alex,
surfboards are at your house.
Come on. Share it
with me, Angels.
Freeze!
[DOORBELL RINGS]
Daddy? Daddy!
Darling! I was on my way to meet your mother
in Bali, and they cancelled the flight.
Yes, some sort of monsoon.
So how is my favourite little ferret?
Do the face.
No, come on, come
on. Do it properly.
That is so cute. I do
the whiskers with my dad.
Mr. Munday, it is such a
pleasure to finally meet you.
I'm Dylan.
That's Natalie.
I assure you, none of
the stories are true.
Well, some of them are.
So you work with Alex
at the hospital?
Yes! Natalie works in
the psychiatric ward,
and Dylan is the head
of gynaecology.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
SO young. I know.
We were just on our way out, actually, because we
have such a major procedure coming up, Daddy, so...
Duty calls. Sorry-we got to prep-
Yeah, scrub up.
Bye-bye.
DYLAN & NATALIE: Bye.
See you guys in a minute.
It's just a tiny emergency. But
make yourself at home, okay?
Sure. We'll talk later. Off to
the hospital. Go save lives.
Love you.
Head of gynaecology?
[♪♪♪]
Wait a second.
Bos? There's a
waxer on your 6.
Is that you, Lord?
ALEX: Get in there and see if
he's using pineapple Sex Wax.
Dylan, check it out.
I got sand all in my ass.
I can't hardly walk.
Just blend in. Be cool, Bos.
Oh.
Got any wax?
Great job, Bos.
Is that grape? Huh?
Mm-hmm.
It's grape.
It's grape!
Yes, sir!
Suspect four eliminated.
[BEACH BOYS' "SURFER GIRL"
PLAYING]
What's up, Angel?
Madison Lee?
Natalie Cook?
Oh, my God.
How did you know?
I get the newsletter.
Of course.
Wow. God, I've heard so many stories
about you. You're my favourite Angel.
She won the Nobel Prize in astrophysics
for her research on flying mammals.
And predicted Carmine
DeSoto's every move
by using the Cosmo
Bedside Astrologer.
♪ Surfer girl ♪
I also set the clock
on Charlie's VCR.
And she invented the molar mic.
Dylan and Alex?
Yeah.
God, how I miss stakeouts.
I know. Aren't they the best?
[IN CHINESE]
Bring it on Bitch!
Only one waxer left.
Wait a second.
Subpatellar scar, left knee.
Check it out. Brown shorts, red
board, 11 o'clock. What do you think?
Yummy.
That's what I thought.
Case closed. Nat, move
in. Dylan thinks he's hot.
What do you mean?
You always fall for the bad guy.
Well, then this guy
must be really evil.
Hey, you know what? You should come by
and see the new agency. It's beautiful.
Maybe I will. Tell Charlie hello
for me when you see him.
You know.
Yeah.
♪ So I say from me to you ♪
♪ I will make your dreams come true ♪
♪ Do you love me, do you surfer ♪♪
There she goes.
Mm.
Who do you think will be
the first of us to leave?
You, me or Natalie?
What are you talking about?
I think it'll be Nat. Don't you?
Why? Did she
say something?
Well, Nat and Pete live together
now. Soon they'll be engaged,
and you and I will be
wearing ugly pink dresses
at the wedding of Mr.
and Mrs. Pete Kominsky.
Yeah, but even if she got
married, she'd never leave us.
Sooner or later, Dylan, you and I are
gonna have to break in a new Angel.
CHARLIE:
Good morning, Angels.
Good morning, Charlie.
CHARLIE: Good morning, Angels.
CHARLIE:
Good morning, Angels.
Good morning, Charlie.
[SNORES]
I mean, you didn't think it would be
the three of us forever, did you?
I think I lost my nuts. Your
nuts ever get small on you?
When I get in water, they just shrink
up, man. They become like one marble.
[ELECTRIC SIX'S
"DANGER! HIGH VOLTAGE" PLAYING]
♪ Danger! Danger!
High Voltage ♪
♪ When we touch
When we kiss ♪
♪ Danger! Danger
High Voltage ♪
♪ When we touch, when we kiss ♪♪
Killer, huh?
I just got so excited.
When it's big like that, I just
love to ride it hard and rough.
[CLUNK]
Sorry.
The way I was getting pounded,
I'm gonna be wet for hours.
Catch you later.
Randy Emmers.
Pineapple Sex Wax.
"The Coal Bowl."
Hey, check it out. "Leo,"
that could be his next target.
[WHITE ZOMBIE'S
"THUNDER KISS '65" PLAYING]
This is it.
The Coal Bowl.
Let's get dirty.
♪ Well, sweet little sista's high in hell ♪
♪ Cheating on a halo ♪
♪ Grind in a odyssey
Holocaust heart kick on tomorrow ♪
I'll buy in.
I'll find Leo.
I'll look for Emmers.
Yeah.
All right, Leo, you're mine.
Good luck.
You in charge here?
You know it.
I want in.
It's a two G buy-in. Winner takes all.
Rules are, there are no rules.
I'm down.
Three out of four don't
cross the finish line.
I'll take those odds.
Hey, how's it going?
Uh-uh.
Metzger's at the far double.
Is this your first time at the...?
Uh-uh. Carmichael's
at the finish line.
I was thinking may...
Uh-uh.
[PINK'S "FEEL GOOD TIME"
PLAYING]
♪ Now are time ♪
♪ Real good time ♪
Hey. Hey.
You and Pete moving in
together is a big deal.
Yeah, it's great, isn't it?
So where do you see this going?
Going? I'm confused.
Okay, say someone was
to come up to me and say:
"Hey, Dylan, do you think that
Natalie wants to get married?"
What? Did Pete ask you to ask
me if I wanted to get married?
Because we just moved in together.
Heads up, I've spotted
Emmers. I'm on him.
Red bike, red helmet.
♪ Now are time
Real good time ♪♪
[♪♪♪]
Nat, number 25. Check it out.
The lion. That's Leo.
NATALIE:
I got it. The guy in blue.
I got shut out.
[SCREAMS]
What was that?
He's after Leo.
He just took out a guy
in the front double.
He's making his way up to Leo.
I'm gonna get him.
That's it! Let's
get in there.
NATALIE:
I got him, I got him!
NATALIE: He's gonna crush him!
ALEX: Look out, Nat! Look out!
What the hell are you doing?!
Nat, he's on your 6.
ALEX:
No, Natalie!
Natalie!
I'm okay.
We gotta take him out!
I'll get back in.
Let's go!
Let's get him at the double.
[SCREAMS]
You okay?
Yeah.
Hey, what are you
doing with my bike?
[MOTORCYCLE REVVING]
Dylan!
Ow!
The Thin Man.
He's dead.
What the hell is going on?
Hey, you're just a kid.
I'm 15 and a half.
Photos. Alan Caufield.
NATALIE: Max Petroni.
How'd you know my real name?
What the hell is this?
Hey, this is a picture of Dylan.
The name on the back
is Helen Zaas.
DYLAN:
Helen Zaas.
That was my name
before I went into
the Witness Protection
Program 8 years ago.
And then I became Dylan Sanders.
CHARLIE: When the FBI realised
this young lady's potential,
they gave me a call.
Wait, wait. Helen Zaas?
Yeah.
MAX: That's your name?
MAX:
Helen Zaas.
So, uh, where does that name come
from originally? Is that Ass-tralian?
Yeah.
Oh, my God, you must have
been the butt of every joke.
Did you drive an Aston Martin?
Alex, we're being asinine.
Yes, yes, you are.
Don't worry, Dylan. We're still
gonna be your best butties.
CHARLIE: Now, Angels, a rose by
any other name still smells as sweet.
Thank you, Charlie. It's
really not that funny.
Yeah, it is.
Bos, can I get a ruling on this one?
BOSLEY: You sure can.
You know what? Personally, I'm
not interested in Helen Zaas.
I'm more concerned about yours.
No matter what, you're
still gonna be our Dylan.
Thank you, Bos.
You're welcome.
Let me guess, you
fell for the bad guy.
I fell for the worst guy.
But he was so cute,
and I liked him so much.
And we would have
so much fun together,
just driving around,
listening to metal and...
[SINGING BON JOVI'S
"LIVIN' ON A PRAYER"]
♪ We're halfway there
Oh, living on a prayer! ♪♪
And then one night,
things got really bad.
I love you! I would
die for you, Seamus!
O'Grady.
You got some balls.
[GUN FIRES]
He said he'd kill me if I told anyone,
but I had to put him away.
Of course you did.
You did the right thing.
He was my first.
Really?
But you told me you never did it.
My first bust.
DYLAN: Yeah.
Oh.
Who was this guy?
Seamus O'Grady.
O'Grady?
As in the Irish mob?
I sent him to prison.
[♪♪♪]
O'Grady.
You're out.
O'Grady, what about
your belongings?
So if I have these,
she'll find me?
The O'Gradys killed my parents.
What?
Sorry, Max.
I testified against them.
Wait a second. Alan Caufield.
He testified against the O'Gradys.
Well, then, that's it. The O'Gradys must
have HALO. And this is our one lead.
The Thin Man.
Our favourite assassin.
That's right.
This needs to go to the lab
and get analysed right away.
Yes, let's get up in
there and do that.
Let me see it.
Yeah, I know exactly
what this is. I have one.
The nuns gave it to us
at the orphanage.
Orphanage.
Good work.
CHARLIE: Max is in our
protective custody now, Angels.
It's up to us to keep him safe.
Hey, I know the safest place in town.
[DR. DRE'S "NUTHIN' BUT
A 'G' THANG" PLAYS]
♪ One, two, three and to the four ♪
♪ Snoop Doggy Dogg and Dr. Dre
is at the door ♪
♪ Ready to make an entrance
So back on up ♪
♪ Before I have to pull
The strap off the cuff ♪♪
Listen, don't you
worry about a thing.
Nobody named O'Grady ever set foot
in South Central. Can you dig it?
Yeah.
This is my mama house.
Rule number one: Don't look her in the eye.
Do you understand me?
Or she'll pop. Can you dig it?
Bosley.
Yes, ma'am?
You get over here.
Hey, Mama.
What kind of trouble you in now?
I'm not in any trou... Yes, ma'am.
Come on.
Yes, ma'am.
[♪♪♪]
Look at those knockers.
Boys!
Mother superior
will see you now.
ALEX:
Mother, do you recognise this man?
MOTHER SUPERIOR:
Of course I know who he is.
We called him Anthony,
after St. Anthony of Padua,
healer of the mute.
Please come forward.
Please, girls.
But his real name, like so much
about him, was a mystery.
He came to us when he was 7.
[THUNDER CRASHING]
MOTHER SUPERIOR: He was found wandering in
the hills, living off roots and insects.
We believe his family was part
of a Romanian circus troupe
who died in a terrible fire.
Although the doctors could find
nothing physically wrong with him,
he never spoke a word.
And there were other idiosyncrasies.
He was a painfully shy child
until it came time for
his monthly haircut.
Ow!
[SCREAMING]
Then one morning,
he was simply gone.
The Thin Man was protecting Max.
[WHIPPING THEN GROANS]
So you're saying this man is the
sole benefactor of your orphanage?
Yes, he really is an angel.
Mother, have you had
contact with him since?
Well, not really that much,
except for the odd
haircut now and then.
[SCREAMING]
But he does send gifts.
Like this morning.
Emmers' car.
That is a nice ride.
An original 1967
numbers-matching GTO.
Thorn Birds.
I know.
NATALIE:
Bird poo.
What order did you girls
say you were from again?
Larus californicus.
California gull.
Fecal matter consists
mostly of scaly clypeiform.
Sardines that fed on large
brown algae, I'd say.
There's also traces of tanker fuel
and storm-water runoff as well.
Sea gulls, tankers, storm water.
San Pedro Harbour.
[LOVERBOY'S "WORKING
FOR THE WEEKEND" PLAYING]
♪ Everybody's working
For the weekend ♪
♪ Everybody wants a little romance ♪♪
Who are you?
What?! Wait.
[MUSIC STOPS]
What?
Who are you?
Oh, Jason Gibbons.
The actor.
Maybe you've seen
Maximum Extreme.
No.
It was such a big movie.
Well, what are you doing here?
Oh, oh, I'm Alex's boyfriend.
Alex's boyfriend.
Yeah. Well, technically, we're
on what she calls a time-out.
What does that mean?
Exactly. Thank you.
Yeah. I gotta say, you must be the
world's most understanding father.
Why?
All the wild stuff she does.
When I first met Alex, I
thought she was a bikini waxer.
It was months before I
found out about Charlie.
Who's Charlie?
[IRENE CARA'S
"WHAT A FEELING" PLAYING]
♪ What a feeling ♪
♪ Being's believing ♪
♪ I can have it all
Now I'm dancing for my life ♪
Merkin.
That was the name
of Seamus' pit bull.
Armed guards. Security
looks pretty tight.
This dock is like a fortress.
ID badges. I think
cargo's our best bet.
[PHONE DIALS]
BOSLEY: Townsend Agency.
Bos, recon incoming.
Got you, baby.
ALEX: Yeah, check the photo.
[CAMERA SHOOTING]
NATALIE:
That's our man.
Hmm, the Treasure Chest.
Do a little dance.
Make a little love.
Get down tonight.
♪ What a feeling ♪
♪ Being's believing ♪♪
[♪♪♪]
ALEX:
There he is, first table on the right.
Yeah, baby! Woo-hoo!
[MEN GASP]
Ooh.
All right!
[♪♪♪]
Hold.
Paddy O'Malley?
Top of the morning to you.
You know, you just don't look much
like any Paddy I've ever seen before.
Man, you ain't never
heard of no black Irish?
Black Irish?
That's right.
Who do you think invented the
McRib, Lucky Charms, huh?
Shamrock Shake? That's ours.
Give me your papers.
What?
Your papers.
Let me tell you something.
You got a whole bunch of nerve
to ask me about my papers.
My family suffered, man,
for lack of potatoes.
Foot-and-mouth
disease. Canker sores.
Circumcision? Circumcision,
That's right, my wife just
had a set of twins, man.
They both leprechauns.
Leprechauns?
Get a whiff.
Irish Spring.
You don't believe that, you can wipe
your ass with a four-leaf clover.
McGinty!
Get this stuff on the ship.
[♪♪♪]
Tough, eh?
That was heavy.
I say we should take a break.
[CRACKING]
ALEX:
Wait a second.
I smell a rat.
This ring is pure platinum.
The HALO rings are titanium.
The HALO data chips
should be virtually weightless,
surrounded by a hollow core
that prevents thermal induction.
If the density of the object
is less than that of the substance
in which it is immersed...
It floats.
There they are.
I'm sure Helen Zaas was great,
but I just can't imagine life
without Dylan Sanders.
Come on, let's get out of here.
Cheers to that.
What's the rush, Helen?
[♪♪♪]
You've only been
here five minutes.
Now, I've waited for you before.
Matter of fact, I've
waited for you 2920 days.
That's 417 weeks.
That's 96 months.
That's eight years.
Enough about me.
What about you, Helen?
How have you been?
Seamus.
I see you still got a
nice arse on you.
You got a lot of nerve coming
here and stealing from me.
Stealing back's more like it.
Give us the rings.
Give us the rings!
Don't lose those. We'll be
taking them back in about...
48 seconds.
I've been dreaming one day
I'd get to see you again...
and watch you die.
Keep dreaming.
Lights. Somebody get the lights!
Seamus.
Seamus!
You know I always like
it with the light on.
[GRUNTING]
[♪♪♪]
You don't know me anymore.
I'm the only one here who knows you.
I've got to say, Helen, I've
never wanted you more.
Always wanting what you can't have.
Yeah?
I'll have you any way I want.
NATALIE: I got the rings.
Let's get out of here!
MAN:
Don't let them get away!
NATALIE:
Got it?
SEAMUS:
Come on, now!
Let's go.
NATALIE:
Dylan, let's go.
[DYLAN WHIMPERING]
You can't hurt me anymore, Helen.
I'm gonna teach you and
your friends about pain.
I'm gonna kill them just so
you can hear them scream.
Dylan!
I got the rings.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I'm okay.
Hit it.
[♪♪♪]
BOSLEY:
I know who did it.
Hot damn it, I know who did it.
[♪♪♪]
Col. Mustard, in the
dining room, with a lead pipe.
Col. Mustard?
Give me that, big fella.
I said, Col. Mustard,
in the dining room,
with a lead pipe.
Just go ahead and look in there.
Okay, no, why don't you look in there.
Col. Must...
Col. Must...?
That's right.
Col. Mustard?
It's Professor Plum,
in the conservatory,
with a candlestick.
That's right. You got it right.
MAN: Damn!
How the hell you know that?
We took in one just like him
a long time ago, remember?
BOSLEY: Yeah, Mama, I remember.
You gave my room away.
[NATALIE COLE'S
"THIS WILL BE" PLAYING]
♪ This will be ♪
You were the cock?
I was the beaver.
My God, what are the chances that
we were both school mascots?
Unbelievable.
Oh, God.
It's like...
we were made for each other.
Made for each other.
The best I can figure it is, the
clients contact Charlie directly.
Uh-huh.
Okay, then he phones the girls.
They show up at the place
and do their thing.
Now, I know, I know. At first,
I didn't think I could handle it.
The late nights, the never knowing
when she'd have to go out on a job.
Some of the men are
pretty dangerous.
Oh! And the
outfits. Oh, boy.
Huh?
I'll be right back, Pete. It's
just number one. Have fun.
♪ You've brought a lot of sunshine
Into my life ♪
♪ You've filled me with happiness
I never knew ♪
♪ You gave me more joy
Than I ever dreamed of ♪
♪ And no one
No one can take the place of you ♪
♪ This will be ♪
Hello?
♪ This will be eternally ♪
♪ Hugging and squeezing and kissing
And pleasing together forever ♪
♪ Through rain or whatever
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you and me ♪
♪ So long as I'm living true love
17! be giving to you I'll be serving ♪
♪ Cause you're so deserving ♪♪
I'm gonna say this. Our boy Pete
has no idea what he's getting into.
I don't think he really
understands the responsibility.
No, no.
Pete?
The commitment.
Once they get into your house,
you lose all spontaneity.
Gone.
They do whatever they want.
Pete's asking her tonight?
That's what he said.
But Alex is a wildcat.
I mean, she gives as
good as she gets, huh?
Alex! Hey.
Jason, Daddy. What are
you doing here, Jason?
I was just explaining to your
father here all about Charlie.
Charlie?
Daddy...
It's all right, Alex. I know.
I'm so sorry, Daddy,
that I didn't tell you.
I didn't think you'd approve, and I didn't want to
disappoint you. I know you wanted me to be a neurosurgeon.
But I've discovered a whole
new way to help people
that makes me feel so...
alive.
Whatever makes you happy.
Oh!
I am so relieved!
It's just been killing me, you
not knowing all these years. I...
Daddy...
Natalie, Dylan and I are a team.
And we just took on 12 sailors.
I mean, you can't even imagine the
positions we get ourselves into.
Daddy, I wish you could watch
us work. You'd be so proud.
You know what, I'm
gonna take a shower,
because I am covered in... Well,
you can only imagine what.
And then when I get back,
I am gonna give you
a full blow-by-blow.
Ferret.
[DONNA SUMMER'S
"LAST DANCE" PLAYING]
♪ Yes, it's me last chance
For romance ♪
Natalie?
What, Pete?
I've been thinking.
Yeah?
Yeah.
About what?
Well, look...
I know we just moved in together.
Yeah?
Yeah.
And, uh, I know we agreed
to take this kind of slow.
But, um...
Yeah?
There's just something
I gotta ask.
Oh, boy' Yeah. "Oh, boy" is right.
So here it goes.
Twirl me first.
Okay.
[CROWD GASPS]
♪ So let's dance, the last dance
Let's dance ♪
Yeah.
♪ Let's dance, the last dance
Tonight ♪
NATALIE:
Hey!
♪ [need you
By me ♪
♪ Beside me,
To guide me ♪
♪ To hold me
And to scold me ♪
♪ Cause when I'm bad
I'm so, so bad ♪
♪ Come on baby
Dance that dance ♪
♪ Come on baby, dance that dance ♪
♪ Come on baby
Let's dance tonight ♪
♪ Hey, yeah ♪♪
About that question, Pete?
Let's talk about it later.
[♪♪♪]
"Here's all your stuff back."
What's up with that?
She's gone.
She's not coming back.
She loved these boots.
She doesn't want us to get hurt.
Wait a minute, you ladies
risk your ass every day.
Yeah.
"I'll never forgive myself if
anything happens to you guys."
Where do we go
from here, Charlie?
CHARLIE: Natalie, Alex. You
need to keep your spirits up.
Any leads on the
O'Gradys, Charlie?
Yeah, any word on how
Seamus broke out of prison?
CHARLIE: He didn't break out,
Natalie. He was released.
NATALIE & ALEX:
What?
Who would have the power to
pull something like that off?
Johnnie Cochran.
The Justice Department,
the DA's office, the FBI.
U.S. Marshal.
[DOORBELL RINGS]
That's Carter.
I never gave rings
to a guy before.
The rings are secure, sir.
And we can all breathe
a little easier.
CHARLIE: Well done, Angels.
ALEX & NATALIE: Thanks, Charlie.
HALO is safe, thanks to you.
It's been a pleasure.
I hope to work with
you ladies again.
But not too soon.
ALEX:
Good luck with everything.
Oh, oh. Your keys.
[GROANS IN PAIN]
What is it?
My ribs.
These aren't mine.
That was a nice reach for a guy
with a couple of fractured ribs.
Good going, Bos.
We got him.
We got who?
Of course. He already had one ring.
He just needed the other.
He wanted to fake his own death
so he wouldn't be a suspect.
I'm serious. Who you
all talking about?
He needed time for his
plan, so he set up Seamus.
And then turned
him loose on Dylan.
CHARLIE: I think you're
onto something, Angels.
Damn! So Carter's
the bad guy!
CHARLIE: It's just speculation at
this point, Bosley. We need proof.
Keys, Bosley.
Let's hit it.
Punk.
[♪♪♪]
Road's clear. You're
good to move in.
Almost there.
Oncoming.
Good job, Alex.
[CHILDREN WHINING]
Can we go yet?
No, you can't, son.
I gotta make sure it's all safe.
We're gonna be late.
You're not gonna be late, young man...
You, shut up! You old grizzly bear!
Son, please work
with me, young man.
Only a few more minutes and you'll be in school,
okay? You'll never have to see me again.
Man, you do not mess
with a black man's do!
I got the phone line.
[PHONE RINGS]
I'm calling from
my car. Go secure.
My end of the deal's done.
The Angels are off the case.
CARTER:
I have the rings.
Dylan.
Ha-ha!
Alex! Alex!
Call buyer one.
NATALIE:
Alex, are you okay?
Nat, the handle's broken.
I can't disengage.
The deal's on. Eight o'clock,
just as we discussed.
Nat, plan B!
I'm calling in Bosley.
We'll get you out of
there, Alex. Hang tight.
Follow the stars
beyond the galaxy.
Take shore to hope.
Stop on a stair.
A stair?
Find a man with a map.
NATALIE:
Bosley, can you hear me?
Bosley, we're going to Bravo
configuration immediately.
I'm on it. I'm on it. Okay?
Hey, now, get back. We're going to Bravo
configuration. Get back, get back!
Stop!
[YELPS AND
[CHILDREN GASPING]
Come on.
Okay. Come on, hurry.
Skip. Run.
[CAR HORN HONKS]
Get on out of here.
Come on. Get on out of here.
Great job, Bos.
NATALIE: Way to go.
Yeah, right.
Carter's working with a partner. They're
selling off the list later tonight.
We'll take care of them
and then find Dylan.
See you, Bos.
Yeah, all right, all right.
This is some bullshit.
[DOG BARKING]
[♪♪♪]
[CHUCKLES]
Café solo.
Gracias.
Kelly Garrett.
Hello, Dylan.
Don't you have a case to solve?
Well, I tried to outrun my past, but
it caught up with me yesterday.
And I put my friends in danger.
They're in more danger
now without you.
Natalie and Alex are gonna
replace me with someone great.
A real Angel. Not someone who's
pretending to be something she's not.
Your past is what makes
you who you are, Dylan.
Don't forget that Charlie
chose you for a reason.
Angels are like diamonds.
They can't be made.
You have to find them.
Each one is unique.
Sometimes we search too hard for
answers that are right in front of us.
[SLAP]
[CHUCKLES]
[♪♪♪]
The buyers are set.
We did it, partner!
[GUNS FIRING]
You know, I never really got
that whole partner thing.
Hello, Angels.
Madison Lee.
Why?
Why be an Angel
when I can play God?
Looks like one of the three
amigos has gone adios.
Hola.
[GROANING]
Welcome back, Dylan.
You're such a typical
rebellious Pisces.
Always out to prove how tough
and independent you are,
and you couldn't even make it
one day on your own, could you?
Someone reminded me
that every Angel is unique.
And I knew it was you.
Who else has contacts
in Mongolia,
could hack the HALO fail-safe and
hire a surfer as an assassin?
Same astrological phenom who
would refer to a motocross rider
with a lion on his
helmet as "Leo."
Very well done.
Very impressive, really.
You've got it all figured out.
And now I'm gonna
really enjoy...
knocking those halos
right off your heads.
But you're an Angel.
No. You just don't get it.
I don't take orders from
a speaker box anymore.
I work for myself.
Well, your boss sucks.
MADISON:
Aha.
The Angels ass-kicking pose.
I have to admit, seeing
the three of you like that
does give me this little twinge
of nostalgia for the old days.
But back then, it was
a little bit different.
You see, when I was an Angel,
we used guns.
[♪♪♪]
Sorry, Charlie.
[PHONE RINGING]
[BEEPS]
CHARLIE:
Hello, Angels.
Good evening, Charlie.
I love the new office.
CHARLIE: Madison, is that
you? Where are the Angels?
Well, I'm sure there's three
more where they came from.
CHARLIE:
Madison, What have you done?
We're just having a little fun. You
shouldn't worry yourself, Charlie.
Besides, you've never had trouble finding
someone willing to give their life for you.
CHARLIE: Hurting the Angels doesn't
prove you're the best. You know that.
Do I?
CHARLIE: Madison, you were never
able to accept that this agency
is about teamwork.
We're a family. We do...
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
I know. Angels forever.
I've heard the sales pitch.
It was very seductive...
once.
CHARLIE: Madison, you deliberately
went rogue on the DeSoto case
and put your fellow
Angels in danger.
When we finally got
you out of there,
you were wounded so badly,
we thought we might lose you.
You did lose me.
You see, being an Angel
wasn't fulfilling my destiny.
It was keeping me from it.
CHARLIE:
Your destiny is yet to be written.
Do not do this, Madison.
Taking the lives of innocent
people is not the answer.
There must be something
in you that's still good.
I was never good.
I was great.
[GASPING AND COUGHING]
Damn. What a bitch!
[B.J. THOMAS' "RAINDROPS KEEP
FALLIN' ON MY HEAD" PLAYING]
You guys, we have
to out think Madison.
It's like no matter what we do,
she's always two steps ahead of us.
She's selling the list off tonight, 8:00.
But where?
Nat, what else did Carter say?
Okay.
"Take the stars
beyond the galaxy."
I think it's safe to say
it's on this planet.
"Take shore to hope
and stop on a stair."
Well, there's a Hope Street downtown.
But no shore for miles.
A stair.
Astaire!
Astaire?
Possible concussion.
I'm worried.
Guys, the stars.
Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Beyond the Galaxy Theatre.
There's Dinah Shore,
Bob Hope and Fred Astaire.
Nice, Nat.
Yeah!
[TICKING THEN TIMER DINGS]
I think she's trying to kill us.
["HOORAY FOR
HOLLYWOOD" PLAYING]
I can't believe it. We are here
in Hollywood. Grauman's Theatre.
Angels?
I knew we were gonna do it...
Shut up, damn it!
What?
I mean, not you,
Mama. I'm sorry.
Have you lost your mind?
Yeah. I mean, no. No.
We gonna talk about this later.
Huh?
[EDWYN COLLINS'
"A GIRL LIKE YOU" PLAYING]
♪ I've never known a girl like you before ♪
Welcome to the Guinness World of...
Shut it.
Give us the map.
♪ Here you come a knockin'
knockin' on my door ♪
♪ And I've never met a girl
Like you before ♪
♪ You give me just a taste
So I want more ♪
♪ Now my hands are bleeding
And my knees are raw ♪
Yahtzee!
♪ Cause now you've got me crawlin' ♪
Crawlin' on the floor ♪
[CROWD SCREAMING]
Jason! Woo! Jason!
Jason!
I love you!
I hear the sequel's insane.
First one was a classic.
It was.
Button your jacket.
What's that?
♪ You've made me acknowledge
The devil in me ♪
♪ [hope to God
I'm talking metaphorically ♪
♪ Hope that I'm talkin' allegorically:
♪ Know that I'm talkin'
About the way I feel ♪
♪ And I've never known
A girl like you before ♪
♪ Never, never, never, never ♪
♪ Never known a girl like you before ♪
The VIP gathering
is on the top floor.
♪ This old town's changed so much ♪
♪ Don't feel like I belong ♪
♪ Not enough protest songs ♪
♪ And now you've come along ♪
♪ Yes you've come along ♪
♪ And I've never met a girl
Like you before ♪♪
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[♪♪♪]
You're under arrest for
conspiracy to obstruct justice.
Freeze!
[CHEERING IN DISTANCE]
The Kleinhardt gambit.
Classic.
And apparently still effective.
You know, we never used to wear Kevlar,
till I took three in the chest.
On the DeSoto case! We know!
Oops.
Don't tell me you
forgot about...
plan B.
[BEEPING]
[DOOR SLAMS OPEN]
I'd recognise that arse
anywhere, you piece of sh...!
[CHEMICAL BROTHERS
"BLOCK ROCKIN' BEATS" PLAYING]
[SPEAKS IN CHINESE]
Bring it on, bitch.
♪ Back with another one of those
Block rockin' beats ♪
[GRUNTING]
[DYLAN GROANING]
[♪♪♪]
[MOANING]
Ow! Ow.
[SCREAMING]
What...
Say something.
Oh, no!
Mind if I cut in?
No!
[CHEMICAL BROTHERS
"BLOCK ROCKIN' BEATS" PLAYING]
[SCREAMING]
[TICKING]
The premiere should be a blast.
[BEEPING]
ALEX:
Bosley, plan B!
It's raining white women!
Plan B stands
for "plan Bosley."
[CROWD GASPS]
Yeah!
Get that bitch! Get that bitch!
Wow. They really went all
out for this thing. Okay!
[ENGINE STARTS]
Dylan!
Alex!
[GROANING]
This is it. You ready?
Are you?
[♪♪♪]
Kill...
or be killed.
Exciting, isn't it?
Who are you?
You want to know
who I am, Natalie?
Then you look inside
your own heart.
No, Madison.
I'm nothing like you.
I have something
you'll never have.
And what's that?
Ff lends.
Enjoy heaven.
Go to hell.
She is so fired.
Party time.
[BEE GEES "I JUST WANT TO BE
YOUR EVERYTHING" PLAYING]
Angels!
Bosley!
Did you all get that
squirrel-flying lady?
Yeah!
Did you scratch her?
You kick her?
Yes!
You kicked her kung fu ass?
Mama, I told you! I told you!
I know it! I know, I know!
Bosley, we wouldn't have
been able to do it without you.
Never!
You hear that, Mama?
I heard it.
I've always known my
baby boy was a genius!
NATALIE:
Yes, he is!
Why you give my room
away, then, Mama?
I'll tell you Why. Max?
Yeah? I'm a Bosley now!
Max Bosley!
I love Max Bosley!
Boy, you did it!
MOMMA BOSLEY: Hallelujah!
Daddy! One second. Daddy!
Darling! Oh, you made it!
We just got done.
Another satisfied client.
We finished her off
sooner than we thought.
Her?
It was a woman this time.
We had to triple-team her,
but we finally got her on her back!
Well done!
No, no, no!
Hi-yah!
[CROWD GASPS]
Jason!
[IN HIGH VOICE] Alex. You made it.
No, no, no! I know, I know.
We're on a time-out, I know.
Time-out's over, baby.
We're back in the game!
♪ I just want to be your everything ♪
Ferret.
Hey. Hey.
Um, I know you wanted to
wait and everything, but...
You really look beautiful.
Thanks, Pete.
I've been wanting to ask
you this for a long time.
So here goes.
Pete.
♪ For you is more then strong girl
Take it from me ♪
♪ If you give a little more
Then you're asking for ♪
♪ Your love will turn the key ♪
Spike?
Yeah. A puppy.
A puppy?
Is that okay? I mean,
I know it's a big step.
Yes!
I already got him.
You did?
Yeah.
♪ And not some puppet on a string ♪
NATALIE:
Dylan! Dylan!
Guess what?
Pete and I have
something to tell you.
Really?
Yeah, we're gonna get...
You're gonna get what?
A puppy!
Oh! A puppy!
Yes.
That's great!
I already got him. Yeah.
You did.
Awesome!
His name is Spike!
Come here.
So you're not leaving?
No! Of course, you guys.
I get to kick butt every single day of the week with
my two best friends. You think I'm giving that up?
No!
What about you, Dylan?
With O'Grady out of business, you
can go back to your old life now.
Are you kidding?
This is my life.
What about you, neurosurgeon?
Oh, it's a no-brainer!
I love our family!
♪ Any way you want it
That's the way you need it ♪
♪ Any way you want it ♪
God!
♪ She does everything ♪
And I know we agreed
to take things slow.
Yeah?
But, um...
[SNEEZES]
Sorry.
♪ She loves to move
She loves to groove ♪
♪ She loves the lovin' things ♪
Ah! There's an
ember in my ass.
♪ Oh, all night, all night
Oh, every night ♪
We should get this to the lab
and analyse it right away.
DYLAN: Yeah, you should get up in there.
Crawl right up in there.
I have.
[GIRLS LAUGHING]
♪ Hold tight
Hold tight ♪
♪ Baby, hold tight ♪
I like the patch.
Let me see your patch.
♪ Any way you want it
That's the way you need it ♪
♪ Any way you want it ♪
Hello?
[IN BRITISH ACCENT]
Is this Natalie?
Okay!
[SCREAMS]
I'm on fire!
Are you okay? You okay?
♪ Then we touched, then we sang
About the loving things ♪
MAN:
Look. Look around.
Over your right shoulder.
Is somebody coming up behind me?
♪ So hold tight, hold tight
Oh, baby, hold tight ♪
♪ She said any way you want it
That's the way you need it ♪
♪ Any way you want it ♪♪
[PINK'S "FEEL GOOD TIME"
PLAYING]
♪ We go where we like
We got over time ♪
♪ We get paid to rattle our chains ♪
♪ We go in the back
Paint our money black ♪
♪ Spend it on the enemy ♪
♪ Sleeping in the church
Riding in the dirt ♪
Put a banner over my grave ♪
♪ Make a body work
Make a beggar hurt ♪
♪ Sell me something big and untamed ♪
♪ Now our time, real good time ♪
♪ Now our time, a real good time ♪
♪ Now our time
Said now our time ♪
♪ A real good time
It's a really good time ♪
♪ Baby, be all mine ♪
♪ Now our time, real good time ♪
♪ A real good time ♪
♪ Now our time
Said now our time ♪
♪ A real good time
It's a really good time ♪
♪ Now our time
Said now our time ♪
♪ A real good time ♪
♪ Feel good
Real good ♪
♪ It's the same old same ♪
♪ Real good
Feel good ♪
♪ Don't got no more brains ♪
♪ Feel good
Real good ♪
♪ It's the same old same ♪
♪ Feel good
Real good ♪
♪ I don't got no brain ♪♪
[NICKELBACK PLAYING
"SATURDAY NIGHT'S ALRIGHT"]
♪ It's getting late
I haven't seen my date ♪
♪ So tell me when the boys get here ♪
♪ It's seven o'clock and I want to rock ♪
♪ Want to get a belly full of beer ♪
♪ My old man's drunker
Than a bar full of winos ♪
♪ And his old lady she don't care ♪
♪ My sisters lookin' cute
In her braces and boots ♪
♪ And a handful of grease in her hair ♪
♪ Don't give us none
Of your aggravation ♪
♪ We had it with your discipline ♪
♪ Saturday night's alright for fighting ♪
♪ Saturday night's alright ♪
♪ Alright, alright ♪
♪ Packed pretty tight in here tonight ♪
♪ I'm looking for a woman
To see me right ♪
♪ A juvenile product
Of the working class ♪
♪ Whose best friend floats
From the bottom of a glass ♪
♪ Don't give us
None of your aggravation ♪
♪ We had it with your discipline ♪
♪ Saturday night's alright for fighting ♪
♪ Get a little action in ♪
♪ Saturday, Saturday
Saturday, Saturday ♪
♪ Saturday night's alright ♪♪
[NAS' "NAS' ANGELS... THE FLYEST"
PLAYING]
♪ Word
Word ♪
♪ I come through in a new double R
Listening to smiling faces ♪
♪ Check out my jewellery
Piled in your faces ♪
♪ It's a cold world I laugh as if
Bernie Mac was snappin' on you ♪
♪ But I ain't a joke
You think I'm here to entertain you ♪
♪ Fallen angel after them halos ♪
♪ When I hit them
Full thrust, full throttle ♪
♪ You got to be the fl yest
I know your ass is mean ♪
♪ Like them strapped on jeans,
But you can work it like that ♪
♪ You got to be the flyest
You just take my pumps ♪
♪ While standing in your pumps
'cause you can work it like that, girl ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah
You could be Nas' angel ♪
♪ You could be a Charlie's angel ♪♪
I am getting pelted.
Pelted by the...
I literally...
I have it in...
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING]